Let's first see the number of card changes after a couple of turns (underlined number is the impostor)

$$\ldots, 4, 4, 4, \mathbf{\underline{4}}, 4, 4, 4, \ldots$$

$$\ldots, 4, 4, \mathbf{3, \underline{4}, 5}, 4, 4, \ldots$$

$$\ldots, 4, \mathbf{3, 3, \underline{4}, 5, 5}, 4, \ldots$$

$$\ldots, \mathbf{3, 3, 3, \underline{4}, 5, 5, 5}, \ldots$$

Crucial observations are:

- impostor will continue holding $$k$$ cards,
- affected people to the left of him will have less than $$k$$ cards and to the right of him more than $$k$$ cards,
- number of affected people (to left and right) increases by one after each move.

The idea is to first try to find a block of affected people and, once we have that, we can zone in on the impostor using binary search.

How do find the block?  In the first moves the number of affected people is so small that it's hopeless. However, we can wait, say 500 turns, by which point the block will grow to $$500+1+500$$.  We need to be careful with hitting impostor so to avoid that we will always query for two consecutive positions in every block.  Even for the maximal $$n = 10^5$$ we only have $$100$$ blocks and so we will identify a block in at most $$200$$ queries.

Let's say we found an affected person at position $$i$$.  We know whether the affected person is to the left or right of the impostor.  If he's to the left then we know that impostor is somewhere in the segment of $$[i, i+700]$$ (or however many turns into the game we are); similarly for the other case, when the person is to the right of impostor.  For such a small segment we can find an impostor in $$\log s$$ queries, where $$s$$ is the size of the segment, so in this case we need at most $$10$$ additional queries.
