{% include exercise.md name="Strange Definition" id="1471D" also-as="1470B" labels="bitmasks, graphs, hashing, math, number theory" rating=1900 code="r680-699/r694/1471d-strange-definition.kt" %}

First, let's try to see what the adjacency condition means.  Let's take:

$$x = p_1^{\alpha_1} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\alpha_n}$$

$$y = p_1^{\beta_1} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\beta_n}$$

(some $$\alpha_i, \beta_i$$ might be $$0$$). Then we can see that:

$$gcd(x, y) = p_1^{\min(\alpha_1, \beta_1)} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{min(\alpha_n, \beta_n)}$$

$$lcm(x, y) = p_1^{\max(\alpha_1, \beta_1)} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{max(\alpha_n, \beta_n)}$$

$$\frac{lcm(x, y)}{gcd(x, y)} = p_1^{max(\alpha_1, \beta_1) - min(\alpha_1, \beta_1)} \cdot \ldots = p_1^{\mid \alpha_1 - \beta_1 \mid} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\mid \alpha_n - \beta_n \mid}$$

Now for a number to be a perfect square, all its exponents must be even as then:

$$\sqrt{p_1^{2\alpha_1} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{2\alpha_n}} = p_1^{\alpha_1} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\alpha_n}$$

Going back to the previous formula we therefore conclude that two numbers are adjacent if all their exponents have the same parity.  That means that we don't care about the exponent, only about their parities so we can normalize all numbers by:

$$\mathcal{N}(p_1^{\alpha_1} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\alpha_n}) = p_1^{\alpha_1 \mod 2} \cdot \ldots \cdot p_n^{\alpha_n \mod 2}$$

and then we also have that $$x$$ is adjacent to $$y$$ iff $$\mathcal{N}(x) = \mathcal{N}(y)$$.

So let's normalize the input numbers and count frequencies for them (how many copies of each number we have).  The highest frequency count is our initial beauty.

Now what happens when we start replacing?  If any number occurs with an even frequency then it will be immediately collapsed to $$1$$ (as after multiplication all the exponents will be even), otherwise it will remain unchanged.  Which means that after the first step everything will stabilize and will not change any more.

So we can just compute the initial beauty and the beauty after single step and then use those two numbers to answer queries $$w = 0$$ and $$w > 0$$, respectively.
