Apparently this is a canonical problem for the Chinese remainder theorem, however, I have solve it without any notion of it.

Without loss of generality, let's assume $$n \ge m$$, i.e. the first chandeliers' configuration is at least as long as the one of the second one (if not, swap them).

Clearly, at time $$t$$ the chandeliers will be in configuration: $$(t \mod n, t \mod m)$$.  The first one has a cycle of length $$n$$ and the of length $$m$$ and so altogether they have a cycle of $$n \cdot m$$ (or less, but we just care about a cycle, not a smallest one so that will do).

So now think about this as an $$n \times m$$ matrix, where:

- the columns are indexed by the configurations of the first chandelier
- the rows are indexed by the *initial* configuration of the second chandeliers (i.e. in the first row it will be: $$0, 1 \mod m, 2 \mod m, \ldots$$ and in the i'th $$i, (i+1) \mod m, \ldots$$ etc.)
- each cell has $$1$$ if chandeliers' configurations match or $$0$$ if they don't.

This matrix is clearly too big to construct but we don't need to do that, it will just help us visualize what's going on.  Notice that if we were to simulate this process we would go through the first row of this matrix, then jump to row $$n \mod m$$ (0-based) and go through it, then row $$2n \mod m$$ and so on.

Notice further that numbers in the columns are all different and so for any number of the second chandelier (rows) there is at most $$1$$ matching column.  So let's now compute sums for all $$m$$ rows of this matrix by iterating through numbers of the second chandelier.  Let's say that it's $$v$$ at index $$i$$.  Let's then find $$v$$ in the first chandelier, let's say it's at position $$j$$ (if it's not there we get $$0$$ matches and move on).  That means that the row in which they will match is $$(i-j) \mod m$$ (careful with negative arguments to modulo) so we increment its sum by $$1$$ and go on.

So now that we have all the sums in all rows let's compute the number of matches in full $$n \cdot m$$ cycles.  We do that by iterating from $$0$$ to $$m$$ and at every $$i$$'th iteration taking the sum from row $$n \cdot i \mod m$$.

Now we are ready to compute the final answer in three steps:

- How many full $$n \cdot m$$ iterations do we need?  Calculate that by dividing $$k$$ by the number of mismatches in $$n \cdot m$$ cycles.
- After that, how many full rows do we still need to traverse?  Let's iterate through rows until what's left of $$k$$ falls below what's in the current row.  Note that because of the previous step we will do at most $$m$$ iterations here.
- Finally for the remainder just do it step by step until $$k$$ goes to zero.  Again, thanks to previous steps that won't take more than $$n$$ steps.

So essentially we're simulating the game, it's just that we start by doing $$n \cdot m$$ steps at once, then fall back to $$n$$ steps at once and only for the last few steps do it step by step.

The final complexity is $$O(max(n, m))$$, which, interestingly, is better than the canonical solution from the editorial.
