{% include exercise.md name="Peaceful Rooks" id="1465C" also-as="1464A" labels="dfs and similar" rating=1700 code="r680-699/r692/1465c-peaceful-rooks.kt" %}

Looking at a single rook at $$(x, y)$$ we have three options:

* It's already on the diagonal, i.e. $$x == y$$,
* It can be moved in a single move into at least one of the following two diagonal positions: $$(x, x)$$ or $$(y, y)$$.
* Both $$(x, x)$$ and $$(y, y)$$ are attacked by some other rook.

We can apply the following greedy strategy: leave the rooks already well placed alone and for the remaining ones put them in a priority queue ordered in increasing number by the number of its target positions being blocked ($$0, 1, 2$$).  While getting rooks with $$0$$ or $$1$$ move them to diagonal with a single move.  When getting one with $$2$$ we first need to unblock one of those positions and then move it so it costs us $$2$$ moves.

Why does that work?  Well, think of this as a graph, where each rook at position $$(x, y)$$ we represent as an edge $$x \to y$$.  Our goal is to transform this graph into self-loops, i.e. all rooks at positions $$(x, x)$$.  From the fact that no two rooks attack each other we infer that there is at most one edge leading to and from each vertex.  Which in turn means that the graph can only have simple paths and simple cycles.  A path can be unwound into a bunch of self-loops with one move per each of its node.  And a single cycle can be transformed into a path with a single move (the fact that it's always possible comes from the fact that there is at least one row/column unoccupied).  So a total number of moves is the number of rooks, minus the number of rooks which are initially on the diagonal, plus the number of cycles.
