{% include exercise.md name="Regular Bracket Sequence" id="1469A" labels="constructive algorithms, implementation" rating=1000 code="edu/edu101/1469a-regular-bracket-sequence.kt" %}

Clearly the following three conditions *must* hold for there to be an answer:

- length of the sequence must be even (so that we have equal number of opening and closing parentheses),
- it cannot start with ")" (we cannot put anything before it and so it will clearly remain unmatched) and
- it cannot end with "(" (for similar reasons to the above).

But we can also prove that if the above conditions are satisfied then an answer *does* actually exist.  Why?  Well, we have "(" and ")" somewhere in the sequence.  Recall that to check that parenthesis are well-formed we can go from left to right and keep the number of unmatched opening parenthesis, increasing the counter by 1 on every "(" and decreasing it by 1 on every ")".  If the counter never go below $$0$$ and is $$0$$ at the end then the expression is well formed.  Now we assign question marks in the following way:

- make sure that we have equal number of "(" and ")" in the sequence and
- put all "(" before ")" (i.e. replace first bunch of "?" with "(" and only then use ")").

We will get $$0$$ at we have equal number of opening and closing parenthesis and we will never go below zero because we have all the "(" before all ")", with the exception of a single ")" which was placed for us but we know it's not on the first position and so there's at least one "(" coming before it.
