Now $$n$$ is too big to check all options for the peak.  How can we do better?

Let's compute the best score for everything being non-decreasing, call it $$\mathcal{S}_i$$ for score at position $$i$$.  To do we go from left to right.  If we're looking at spot $$i$$ it's clear the building there should have height $$a_i$$.  If it's the *smallest* element so far then clearly we can make all the previous buildings of heights $$a_i$$ as well, getting $$\mathcal{S}_{i} = a_i \cdot i$$.

Otherwise, note that our greedy approach has the invariant that a sequence ending at $$i$$ has at that position a building of height $$a_i$$, although it might be "made smaller" later on, if needed.  So let's find the closest element $$j$$ where $$a_j < a_i$$.  We can then use the solution we computed until spot $$j$$, as they'll only reach height $$a_j < a_i$$ and from that point on our element is the smallest, so all those buildings can be made to be $$a_i$$ tall.  In the end we get $$\mathcal{S}_{i} = \mathcal{S}_{j} + (j-i) \cdot a_i$$.

How do we find the closest smallest element?  There's a linear solution involving a stack which always holds an increasing/decreasing sequence, see [here](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/next-smaller-element/). Alternatively we can do that with a segment tree in $$O(n \log n)$$.

Now, in a similar way let's compute the answer for the "decreasing" part, $$\mathcal{S^{rev}}$$ (simplest way to do it is to flip the array and just apply what we did above).

Once we have both we can now check each peak in constant time by simply looking at $$S_i + S^{rev}_{i+1}$$ and again pick the best.
