Ok, firstly let's try to understand what kind of moves can we do, exactly.  We can transition $$u \to u + v$$ iff $$u \& v = u$$.  In other words, we're in $$u$$ we can pick a sub-mask of $$u$$ and add it to $$u$$.

Can we simplify this?  Note that if the sub-mask we pick has only one bit set then we have a transition $$u \to u + 2^i$$ which will *not* affect bits $$j < i$$.  That in turns mean we can decompose a move $$u \to u + (2^{i_1} + 2^{i_2} + \ldots 2^{i_n})$$ into $$n$$ moves with single bit masks: $$u \to u + 2^{i_1} \to \ldots \to u + (2^{i_1} + 2^{i_2} + \ldots 2^{i_n})$$ ($$i_1 > i_2 > \ldots i_n$$).

So we can restrict our thinking to moves of the shape $$u \to u + 2^i$$ and we know that bit $$i$$ is set in $$u$$.  How do such moves look like?

If bit $$i+1$$ in $$u$$ is not set then what happens on those two bits is: $$01 + 01 = 10$$, i.e. we shifted the bit to the left.  Let's call this move `A`.

If a number of higher bits in $$u$$ is set then instead it looks like this: $$11\ldots11 + 01 = 100\ldots00$$, i.e. we also shifted the highest bit to the left but also zeroed in a number of following $$1$$s.  Let's call this type of move `B`.

Those are the only two types of moves we can make so in particular:

- we can never move a bit to the right and
- we can decrease but never increase the number of bits.

This starts looking like a skeleton of an algorithm.  Look at $$u$$ and $$v$$, if $$v > u$$ the answer is clearly "NO".  Same if $$v$$ has more bits than $$u$$.  Otherwise we will try to match bits in $$u$$ to bits in $$v$$, from least significant positions and for every match of bit $$i$$ in $$u$$ with bit $$j$$ in $$v$$ we want $$i \le j$$ (remember, we can only shift to the left).

Now the claim is that if such matching exists then the answer is "YES".  This is not completely obvious as remember that $$u$$ might have more bits than $$v$$!  However, we can always get rid of those bits with moves `B`.  Formal argument follows (implicitly by induction on number of bits).

We're matching $$u$$ with $$v$$ and $$u \le v$$.  First let's assume that they both have the same highest bit set, so we have a match at that position and we can move to lower bits.

If instead $$u = 0\ldots1_1$$ and $$v = 1\ldots$$ and $$u$$ has $$p$$ bits more set than $$u$$ then we get rid of spurious $$1$$s with move `B` as follows (we index $$1$$s):

$$u = 0 \ldots 1_1 \ldots 1_2 \ldots 1_3 \ldots 1_p \to 0 1_1 1_2 \ldots 1_p \to 10\ldots0$$ so $$u$$ and $$v$$ now agree on the highest bits *and* have the same number of $$1$$s so from now on we can finish the problem with moves `A` only.
