So we are given string $$s$$ and are trying to find $$t$$ such that:

- $$t$$ is beautiful and
- $$t \ge s$$.

The definition of lexicographic order is spelled out for us in the exercise but note that we do not need to worry about the first case, as $$s$$ and $$t$$ have the same length.  Since $$t \ge s$$, let's first get the equal part out of the way: if $$s$$ is beautiful then $$t = s$$.

Ok, so now we know that $$t > s$$.  Firstly, if $$n$$ is not divisible by $$k$$ then the answer clearly does not exist as there are no beautiful strings.  Interestingly, if it is then the answer does exist because the string consisting of all "z"s is then beautiful and larger or equal to $$s$$.

The idea now is to find the position where $$s$$ and $$t$$ differ, let's say it's $$p$$.  By definition of lexicographic comparison we then have:

- $$t_i = s_i$$ for $$i < p$$ [prefix],
- on position $$p$$ we try to pick the smallest character $$c > s_p$$,
- on positions larger than $$p$$ we are trying to find the smallest possible string [suffix].

Note that the larger the $$p$$ the better, so let's consider its possible values by going from right to left in $$s$$.  We keep track of the frequency of all letter on the prefix before $$p$$.  We also consider all options for character $$c$$ at position $$p$$, such that $$c > s_p$$ (which we include in the frequency counts).  Now we go through frequency counts and if any letter occurs a number of times not divisible by $$k$$ then we know how many extra copies of it we will have to add to make it so.  If by the end of this process the number of letters we have to add is not larger than the number of spaces we have available in the suffix then we found a solution.

To construct the solution we have the set of letter that we need to place in the suffix.  If that set is smaller than the number of positions on the suffix then we fill the remaining "slots" with "a" (as we're trying to minimize the suffix).  Now all that remains to be done is to sort all those letters (again, we're trying to minimize the suffix).
