Firstly, let's look at $$a$$ and $$b$$ in such a way that it is easy to reason about $$gcd$$ and $$lcm$$, namely, say $$a = g \cdot p$$ and $$b = g \cdot q$$ such that $$gcd(p, q) = 1$$, i.e. they are co-prime.  It's then easy to see that $$gcd(a, b) = g$$ and $$lcm(a, b) = g \cdot p \cdot q$$.  Let's now look again at the original equation:

$$c \cdot lcm(a, b) - d \cdot gcd(a, b) = x$$

$$c \cdot g \cdot p \cdot q - d \cdot g = x$$

$$g \cdot (c \cdot p \cdot q - d) = x$$

Since $$g$$ is a factor on the left hand side we conclude that $$x$$ must be divisible by $$x$$, so firstly let's iterate through all divisors of $$x$$ as candidates for $$g$$.

Once we have a fixed $$g$$:

$$c \cdot p \cdot q = \frac{x}{g} + d$$

and so again we see that $$\frac{x}{g} + d$$ must be divisible by $$c$$; if it's not we can skip such a candidate.

Now finally we get:

$$p \cdot q = \frac{\frac{x}{g} + d}{c}$$

In other words we know what the product of $$p \cdot q$$ should be equal to.  Recall that we can choose $$p$$ and $$q$$ any way we want provided that they are co-prime.  This means that any prime factor of $$p \cdot q$$ must go to either $$p$$ or $$q$$, but not both.  In other words there are $$2^s$$ ways to choose $$p$$ and $$q$$ where $$s$$ is the number of prime factors of $$p \cdot q$$.

The tricky bit is that if we naively use Eratosthenes sieve we have $$\sqrt{x}$$ factors for $$x$$ and for each we need $$log x$$ time for a total of $$O(\sqrt{x}\ \log{x})$$, which is not fast enough.

What we need to do is to precompute the number of prime factors for all numbers in the range we care about (i.e. up to $$2 \cdot 10^7$$).  Sieve gives us a smaller prime factor for every number.  Suppose we are looking at $$x$$ with its smaller prime being $$p$$.  We have two cases:

- smaller prime of $$\frac{x}{p}$$ is also $$p$$, in which case $$x$$ has as many prime factors as $$\frac{x}{p}$$,
- or it has one more, if they are different.
