Nice one!  Firstly, let's get rid of a trivial case: if we have two nodes, say $$u$$ and $$v$$, connected with the same letter in both directions, i.e. $$u \stackrel{a}{\leftrightarrow} v$$ or $$u \stackrel{b}{\leftrightarrow} v$$, then we can just follow this cycle for $$m$$ steps and get a single repeated letter, which is trivially a palindrome.

Another easy case is when $$m$$ is odd.  Then we can just pick any two nodes and go in the loop between for the required number of steps and no matter what letters on them, we'll get a palindrome.

So what remains is an even $$m$$ with a graph with no trivial same-letter loop.  Note that in this case we can have at most one node that is connected to everything else by $$a$$ (if there were two we'd have an $$a$$-cycle between them) and at most one node that is connected to everything else by $$b$$; all the other nodes must have at least one $$a$$ and at least one $$b$$ connection.  Let's pick such a node.  Node that it's impossible only if our graph has only 2 nodes  $$u \leftrightarrow v$$ with two different letters, in which case clearly we cannot construct an even length palindrome.  Otherwise, we have a situation like this:

$$x \underset{a}{\overset{b}{\leftrightarrows}} y \underset{a}{\overset{b}{\leftrightarrows}} z$$

The crucial observation is that we can always make an even length palindrome in this configuration.  The winning combo is: $$y \to^a z \to^b y \to^b x \to^a y \to \ldots$$, only depending on whether $$\frac{m}{2}$$ is even or odd, we need to start at second or first element, respectively.
